All right.
Well, hello everybody.
I say good morning family.
Thank you for joining us today.
I just have it on my heart to pray.
There's some things in the spirit.
You know, like I said, I don't usually do these live videos, so I've been praying over this for the last 48 hours—just things that the Lord is putting on my heart.
And so, first off, I want to pray over what I've seen about the cryptocurrency.
If anybody sees my community thread, I put the thing that President Trump said, I don't remember exactly.
Do you have that, babe?
What he put on his Truth Social about the United States government passing the bill or whatever.
And this is what I've been telling you all.
I'm telling you this as we see what's going on over here in Israel and all the things that are going on in Israel.
The Lord said don't get distracted because it's like sleight of hand.
There's other things that are happening over here.
And that's whenever he warned us about not praying the news.
He said if you're praying what you're seeing in the news, you're behind.
You must come up higher in your prayer time.
You must come up higher, for you will be praying what's coming in the news days ahead, weeks ahead, months ahead as you are watching on the wall, for nothing is done in the earth without him revealing it to his prophets and the watchmen first.
And I believe we're in that time frame right now where we talked about it in the last video, the birthing pains.
We're at the point of no return.
We're at that point of no return where we're going to start to see things escalate on such a rapid scale that it'll be back-to-back events.
That's how things are going to start to be.
And so the Lord told us, he said, "Brandon, I want you to pray over this kink in the hose concerning the outpouring of the finances for the remnant.
" Now, I don't give financial advice, and there's a lot of people coming saying, "Well, you're telling me what to invest in.
" I never do that.
This is what I'm telling you: what I feel the spirit of the Lord is telling me.
Now, what he's telling me might not be what he's telling you.
You have to hear the spirit of the Lord yourself.
And like I said, that's why I stopped talking about things like this, because people are always saying, "Hey, I'm going to do this.
" I'm saying, "No, no, no, no, no.
You have to hear God for yourself.
If I miss it and I'm not hearing right on the timing or things, I'm not responsible for you.
You have to hear God.
It's so important that people mature and grow up concerning this kind of stuff because it's very serious, and people get real crazy about money.
" And so when I'm telling you about the kink in the hose, the Lord showed me the devil and he said, "Brandon, this is his wheelhouse.
Satan is over the finances.
" Do you understand?
And as he tries to put a kink in the hose for the body of Christ, attacking certain areas because he knows what's being spoken prophetically through a lot of other people.
And so he listens and he's like, "How do I stop that?
" It's like I told you, he said, "I'm going to try to put a kink in the hose when it comes to the revival.
How do I bring fear into the hearts of the believers so that they don't want to go and worship and be in the house of the Lord?
" Well, through major events, you know, with what I've seen about the plague and about other things, because COVID worked last time.
How many people shut down churches during COVID?
And the Lord showed me that this was another strategic battle plan that he would try to come against the outpouring that's about to take place by bringing fear.
And I saw two major leaders, and the Lord showed me that they had an attempt on their lives and that we should pray for them.
The Lord said, "Pray for them.
" So it wasn't like this has to happen.
I believe as the body of Christ we have authority over these things to pray a hedge of protection, especially around our ministers.
It's not meant—the devil comes to kill, steal, and destroy.
The Bible says that God has come that we might have life and life more abundantly.
He's not going there going, "Well, just letting you know, Brandon, that mega minister over there is going to be taken out, and there's nothing you can do about it.
" Hogwash!
I believe with all my heart God has given us power and authority to tread on serpents and scorpions, and nothing shall by any means hurt us.
So, he's warning ahead of time.
You must pray for these ministers because of the plan.
And I saw key figures—because I'm on livestream now—key figures in Europe, mega people that had money that were being influenced and talked to by the devil, and I saw the devil giving them a battle plan of how they could disrupt and cause havoc in America with rioting, burning things, acting stupid, right?
So, we know what we are to do.
You have authority over your city.
You go around praying like we do, and pray over your town, pray over your city, and use your authority according to Ephesians.
We're seated above all that with Jesus.
And so, we rule and reign with him.
As he is, so are we in this world.
And that's what I want to tell you all today.
So, this is part of what the Lord showed me as I saw a kink in the hose trying to come against the outpouring of the finances—the wealth of the sinner laid up for the righteous.
And I saw to pray for this judge.
And the Lord said, "Pray for this judge, a softening of the heart, not manipulation.
" We don't do witchcraft.
We don't pray that kind of stuff, like we're manipulating her emotions.
No.
"Father, I thank you that her heart is softened towards the things of God, and that she is not influenced by satanic or demonic forces, that she's able to make a decision that's clear-minded and that she's able to do godly things.
" Yes, righteous decisions.
Righteous decisions through our judges.
And so this judge is—what's her name?
Judge Torres.
Judge Torres is what I believe her name is.
And so we pray for Judge Torres because the Lord showed me that there's demonic hindrance here.
Demonic hindrance here.
It's bigger than what we realize, and it's coming against what the Lord is trying to bring forth to his people.
And we say, "Well, is God all-powerful?
" Yes, he's powerful.
But he goes through his people, his saints, and we pray forth the things.
Like he said, when he brought things to Abraham, he goes and tells Abraham, "Hey, I'm going to judge Sodom and Gomorrah.
" So Abraham interceded on behalf of Sodom and Gomorrah, and it got all the way down to what it was.
Well, he got Lot out of there and his children, right?
So that's what he does with us right now.
He still does the same things.
Jesus Christ, the same yesterday, today, and forever.
And so he comes to us and says, "Hey, I want you to intercede on behalf of this until Adam's lease is up.
" And when Adam's lease is up, everything's going to change.
So let's see here.
The Lord told us, "I want you to pray for this Judge Torres because there is a demonic influence on this.
" And when we pray over the outcome of what's coming—not saying instantaneously, I want to say that and make this very clear, I did not see instantaneously—I saw going into a season of great acceleration concerning a certain cryptocurrency doubling.
And I've already told you what I saw in past videos.
Now, I don't put all those out there anymore, but I'm just telling you I saw a figure in the spirit again to pray that it would double, double.
And the Lord said, "I want to double this, and then it will go up higher.
" But there's things that need to be set in motion that are being attacked by all kinds of stuff.
It's just demonic.
So, that was part of the prayer assignment tonight of what we're going to pray about as a family—the kink.
Now, the part about the CBI, it's called the CBI.
I saw three men that were trying to attack a revaluation or a reinstatement of a certain currency in the CBI.
So, are you there?
Am I still there?
Coming against this, I saw three men in Iraq.
I'll just say that.
So in this, the Lord said, 'This is another strategic plan because of what has been prophesied concerning this country and the arising of things.
' So you must pray for this demonic influence that's coming against this to stop.
You must intercede.
Stand in the gap.
So that's another thing we pray for tonight as a family.
So, is it all about finances?
No.
But this is part of what I—this is where I disappear to.
I go low inside and I go slow.
I'm not here just to throw videos out because I want accuracy when I'm praying.
We don't need any flakiness.
And I think a lot of times, if you're trying to move too fast and you're tramping through the woods, everybody hears you.
If you go real slow, you're being quiet.
And that's why I think it's important that we do that, that there's accuracy behind what we're praying.
So another thing the Lord showed me about a 48-hour window concerning Iran and Trump and concerning what's happening.
I was interceding.
I went into deep intercession last night and the Lord showed me...
should I say all that?
I don't think we should say all that.
Again, I'm live, and that's why I'm saying I usually can edit this all out whenever I'm doing it.
Praying for what the Lord has showed me concerning false flag events and attacks within.
Okay.
An acceleration of things.
An acceleration of the Red Dawn experience.
Praying over what I saw concerning Cuba.
The Lord, if you notice, keeps bringing up Cuba.
I saw Russia involved in some things.
And so, we must pray for President Trump right now.
We must pray for wisdom concerning making these great big decisions that he's about to make.
It looks to me, like I've told you all, a rat within.
There's moles.
There's people there that I know are strategically trying to sabotage things.
And so, we pray a hedge around about him that he would have godly people that he strategizes with, that he would not have people that have a worldly influence.
He needs to be God-led.
And that's why we pray a Solomon's wisdom over his mind that he would have wisdom on making decisions, that he would not be influenced by emotion.
'Well, this person said this, this person, well, they said this on social media.
Well, you know, Tucker Carlson said this, or Alex Jones said this, or whoever.
' Who cares?
What does the Spirit of God say?
God chose you for such a time as this.
Inquire of the Lord.
Inquire of the Lord like David.
And so that's why we pray that he would inquire of the Lord and not be moved by what anybody else says.
That he only follows what the Spirit of the Lord says.
And that's why I'm praying for prophetic voices of accuracy to be placed around him so that they can bounce things off of each other and talk things out biblically and say, 'This is what we need to do.
' You know, instead of having...
because the Bible says, 'Take no counsel from the ungodly.
' The Bible says, 'Take no counsel from the ungodly.
' So, in any area of your life, you don't take counsel from them financially or anything because they ain't hearing the Spirit of the Lord.
And we always want to be filled with, controlled by the Holy Spirit in these last days, following His voice in every area of your life, knowing that He has a plan, a perfect plan—not the second plan, third plan, A, B, C, D, whatever.
I want Plan A.
That's what I'm saying.
I want to follow Him and know Him at all times.
'This is what you want, where you want me to be.
' Always be in the right place at the right time, doing exactly what He wants me to do at all times.
His way is the only way.
Yes.
Why would we want to take counsel from anybody else?
If they have a reprobate mind and they ain't hearing the Holy Spirit, that's stupid right there.
We should be listening to the Spirit of the Lord.
And so that's why I pray for President Trump tonight.
That's why I've been praying to expose the dark people that are around him and raise up men of God, women of God that have the right heart for this nation to lead this nation into victory, to go from glory to glory to glory.
So when we see this 48-hour window, like I said, I have a great intercession about Saturday.
Saturday, the Lord is highlighting Saturday, praying over Saturday, praying over our protection over America from retaliation from these decisions that will be made.
Okay.
So that's why we're here today.
I think it's easier, you know, when we pray all together at one time versus sometimes it's sporadic.
I know it's all effective when we pray together, but I believe there's something about corporate prayer—that it's very important that we do corporate prayer like this on big issues.
So, all right.
So are they with us?
Yeah.
This was another thing, and I know this may come across as controversial, but I'll say it like this.
Do you see the confusion concerning it, though?
Do you see...
I want you all to think about when it comes to Ukraine.
We've dumped almost a trillion dollars into all their military.
We're not attacking them directly, but we're funding it.
And we're giving them the weapons to attack Russia.
And Russia has one of the greatest stockpiles of nuclear weapons in the world.
But there's no fear there.
It's like, 'Oh, we'll just give more.
We'll just give them more stuff.
We'll give them more.
' But here we talk about something, and it's biblical as God told us to watch Israel.
We see all the stuff about Israel in the Bible, about the fig tree and all the things, but we don't want to even give bunker busters.
And everybody's, 'Oh, but we'll give trillions of dollars to another country that's attacking a superpower, and there's no fear.
' And I go, 'This don't make no sense.
' But yet, they're an ally to us.
And we don't always agree with everything everybody always does.
All right.
But they're an ally to us more than what Ukraine is.
They've been a friend to us more than Ukraine for decades, right?
And yet there's so much confusion in the air about this.
There's so much of this chatter, and I told you great antisemitism is coming.
It will come on a different level.
And they say, 'Well, they provoked it.
They did all this stuff.
They're attacking.
' But the Lord said, 'What do they see that you don't?
It's not for you to know all the time.
They have secret intel.
' 'Well, what do they know?
' And then people say, 'You're Mossad' and all these other things.
People are crazy.
And I just go, 'No, no, no, no.
Listen, I'm an intercessor, and I stand for the peace of Jerusalem.
I stand for Israel.
I stand not for the administration, but for the people.
I stand for what's right.
I pray for the peace of Jerusalem just like the Bible told me to.
Regardless, I pray for our president.
I pray for world peace.
I pray for Taiwan.
' It's another thing you all need to be praying over.
When there's great distraction over here, the Lord showed me Taiwan.
Remember what I've told you?
I saw Taiwan, and now there's things about that in the news today.
And I go, 'Whoa.
' Okay.
I still do not understand, from the New Orleans area all the way up to Canada, the gray jelly stuff all over the soil.
I know it could be something in this...
the Lord's showing me a type and shadow of some concerning event to pray over America, but I saw gray, like gray jelly-looking stuff all over the states when I was praying.
And I don't know if it's volcanic ash, because He's already warned us that there will be major signs according to Matthew 24, that we're going to see earthquakes in diverse places.
We're going to see volcanoes.
We're going to see all these things.
And the Lord warned me about the major volcano, to pray—a mile-wide volcano—and pray for Oregon.
Pray for Oregon.
Pray for Seattle.
Pray for these areas.
I saw tsunamis in these areas, major disruptions.
Japan, praying over Japan.
And so we pray for the revival.
That's my main—that's my whole heart's focus—is to pray for the lost.
Praying for the people who do not know Jesus Christ as their Lord and personal Savior.
Nothing else matters.
We're not promised tomorrow.
And that's why I want to tell you, you know, a lot of people always say, 'Oh yeah, we have so many plans, and we have so much we think in the future,' but nobody is promised tomorrow, ladies and gentlemen.
And if you don't know Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior, nothing else matters.
You must know Him because either you're going to wake up in heaven or you're going to wake up in hell the day you die.
There's no in-between.
And most people go, 'Well, you know, I don't believe in heaven.
I don't believe in hell.
' That doesn't change anything.
It's still set in stone.
There's a heaven and there's a hell.
Regardless of whether you believe it or you don't believe it, it doesn't change it.
So I pray for the lost today.
I mean, I was travailing for the lost.
Praying for the unsaved loved ones that are on this channel, the people that are not born again.
It says Satan has blinded the eyes of the unbelievers.
He clouds their thinking.
He clouds their eyes so that they're not able to see.
And according to Ephesians, that the eyes of their understanding would be enlightened.
I say that all the time.
I say, 'Father, flood their eyes with light today that they would see, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
' No blockage concerning our unbelieving family, that they would be believing believers, that their eyes would be opened to what the Lord has for them.
And He has a great future for them.
He wants them to get born again.
He doesn't want any of us to perish, but all to come to repentance.
But it's about repentance.
And that's why I say if you are truly a prophetic voice right now and you're on YouTube, and you're really hearing Him, you're going to be hearing His heart.
And His heart is, 'I'm coming.
I'm coming.
It's time to bring in the lost.
' That's why I question a lot of people.
If you go, 'Well, I'm a prophet.
I hear the Lord and I'm doing what He's told me to do,' but you're not bringing in the lost—it's not even on your radar.
It's like, 'Well, you know, I want to do this and I want to do that.
' But it's important right now.
The souls, millions are dying every day and they're splitting wide the gates of hell and going right in.
We need to pray for these people.
And that's why, you know, another thing I want to say, it's interesting because when you are a watchman, it's like a lens of a prophet.
You're seeing into the future.
You're seeing these things and God's calling you to intercede for them.
But it's kind of like a storm.
You can always see, when you see a hurricane that doesn't really know where it's going, it's like you can see the believers praying, 'Push the hurricane down that way.
Push the hurricane up this way.
' And the hurricane's moving and shifting because, you know, you're pushing things in the spirit realm.
And when I bring things to you and we're praying as a family, you have 70,000 people pray for something, you can see the change in it.
Prayer works.
Yes, prayer changes things.
And so it's amazing because we're pushing things and you can see, and I go, 'Okay, well, what's going on?
' And I know a lot of times like Kim Clement and these other men of God that give these words, they weren't watchmen like that.
You know, I'm called to intercede like this.
And this is what the Lord's called me to do.
That's why I say my gift has a prophetic lens, but it's not a prophetic concern like some of these other people, you know.
And that's why I say we change the things that the Lord brings me; we're changing things through prayer.
He said, 'Raise up for me a million men and women prayer army.
' And this is important, for prayer will change things in these last days.
It will put a hedge of protection around you.
That's why He told me very sobering days are coming.
And He said, 'You must intercede.
' And that's why He said, 'Brandon, what's the difference between being drunk and sober?
' He was talking about being drunk, and He told me, 'Be being filled with the Holy Spirit.
Be being filled with the Holy Spirit.
' Not being drunk, but being sober-minded spiritually, being filled and controlled by the Holy Spirit to overflowing in these last days, so that we are not just a gloomy Gus all the time, somber, 'Oh well, you know, everything's going bad.
We've got a bad day.
Everybody's, you know, did you see what was on the news?
' We're the salt, we're the light.
And people see us and they say, 'What's different about them?
' When they see us, our countenance shows Jesus, and people go, 'Man, I see all that's going on in the news and all the stuff that's going on, and I have fear in my heart.
' But they'll say, 'But you seem to have peace.
' Why?
Because He said, 'My peace I leave with you.
My peace I give to you.
' We walk in that peace that passes all understanding because He is our peace and He dwells on the inside of us.
And I think the more we see the day approaching, we see the darkness, and it's getting darker and darker every single day.
These birthing pains are happening.
And I'll butcher it again from Rosh Hashanah.
Whatever.
Yeah, forgive me.
From Rosh Hashanah.
Thank you.
Good Lord.
I'm trying not to laugh about it.
I've got to stop.
I was like, okay, because everybody who speaks Hebrew or whatever, they're going to come out and correct me.
From that time to that time, whatever, there will be birthing pains that increase.
And He always tells me, He said, 'Watch it, and it's coming.
' And He even circled the month of September to me and He told me, He said, 'Pray over this.
' And I saw dust on it.
And I said, 'What is that?
' 'Pray.
' Everything I always bring you is to pray.
Everything I always tell you all is to bring intercession and to pray, and pray for our nation that we have a major revival, that we stand in the gap for our unsaved loved ones, that we do all these things.
And that's my heart.
It's always to tell you that Jesus Christ is coming, that He has a plan for your life, that He loves you, and that the end is drawing nigh.
Max, one of our prayer people, was saying to Sister Billy and them, he said that he's had how many visions, babe?
Sixteen or so?
Thirteen, I think.
Okay, thirteen.
And every single time, he's been sitting on this bench.
Five of those times, he was sitting on a bench, and he said that there's different scenes in it.
Well, in this last vision that he had, Jesus was sitting on the bench, and it was nighttime.
And Jesus had His hands folded like this, and he asked the Lord what He was doing, and He said, 'Everything is done.
Everything is done.
I'm waiting on My Father's instruction for Him to tell Me to come and get you folks.
' It goes along with—it's different, isn't it amazing?
Because the Lord speaks to us all individually differently, you know, but it's similar to what He's told me.
He's standing at the door.
I've seen Jesus standing at the door.
How many times He's standing at the door with His hand on the doorknob, and He was looking up, and I said, 'Father, what are You doing?
' He said, "Brandon, I'm waiting on my time.
I'm waiting on my Father's instructions to tell me to come and get you.
" And he was standing out the door and he had his hand on the doorknob.
Do you understand that?
So Jesus is coming, and He's coming.
And people go, "Well, no, it's 50 years from now.
" I'm like, I don't know about you, but I feel an urgency inside of me.
Where is the urgency?
There's an urgency.
I feel that.
It's like when you go by the fire station, there's an urgency about the firefighters.
There's an urgency about people.
Do you have an urgency inside of you today that there's something major about to take place?
And people were like, "Well, Brandon, you said in a 24-hour period that was assured.
" My son took that video; that was clear.
I made that video clear back in early 2024.
Yeah, so, 2025, early '25.
The Lord said, "Everything—I want you to pay attention to what I said—everything in a 24-hour period will change.
" Not in 24 hours everything's going to change, so you're not missing it.
I'm trying to tell you, everything in a 24-hour period is going to change.
And the way we see the earth right now will not be—just like it was with 9/11, everything changed within a 24-hour period.
A major event is about to take place.
The Lord keeps telling me, "You must pray that you're in the right place at the right time.
For many people will be in the wrong place at the wrong time, and they're going home early.
" Oh, that's scary, brother.
Not if you're filled with and controlled by the Holy Ghost.
It's not meant for the believers to be off track.
We're supposed to—like I said, we're not praying over the news today.
We're praying about what we got from...
we are the news.
We're the trendsetters.
If you're praying over the news, you're late.
You're late.
That's what the Holy Spirit said.
And I'm here to tell you as loud as I can, you're missing it.
We're not putting the devil's fires out after he starts them; we're stopping the fires before they start.
That's what this channel's for.
We say, "No, we're not doing that.
" Most people don't understand that's the body of Christ.
We're the salt.
We're the great restrainer, the Holy Spirit inside of us.
We're wall-to-wall Holy Ghost.
And most people don't understand who they are because the pastors and the people are not teaching it from the pulpits.
I don't want a lukewarm word, a seeker-friendly word, and I don't want to be fed milk and then sent on my way.
I've said this a thousand times.
I refuse to be seeker-friendly.
We are radical, on fire for Jesus, tongue-talking, born-again Christians up in here with a backbone like a crowbar.
And if you don't have that in these last days, and you're not like a David, and you want to say, "Hey, we're willing to take the land for Jesus," then I'm telling you all, you're going to have hard times ahead.
It's time to put your big boy clothes and big girl pants on and go after it with the armor of God—our secret weapon, like our secret super suits like the Lord was showing.
It's our super suits.
We got the armor of God on and we're going after it, and we're saying, "No, we're warriors.
We're not wimps.
We're not limp-wristed wimps sitting there going, 'Well, we can't...
' No, we have what it takes to get the job done.
Jesus Christ dwells on the inside of me.
" And I believe it's time to stand up for what's right in these last days.
And people think, "Well, we got to love folks.
" Yes, we got to love folks.
But love tells you when you're doing wrong.
I'm telling you, you don't want to be correctionary to your children sometimes, but it takes it.
You correct those that you love.
The Lord told us He corrects us if He loves us.
I get corrected all the time.
Every day, it feels like He's telling me something to make me...
He's changing us.
Do you believe that?
His likeness and image to perfect in me, the love of God shown to the world, for He's changing, He's changing me.
That's why I sing that all the time: "From earthly things to the heavenlies, His likeness and image to perfecting me, the love of God shown to the world.
From glory to glory, He's changing me.
" And people don't want to do that.
Pressure changes you.
The olive press—I'm going to say it—your flesh don't like it.
But if you want to come up higher, it comes through refining fire.
And refining fire is not always easy.
Sometimes your flesh, it squirms a lot because it's trying to go against what the Spirit's trying to tell you to do.
And when you're on that potter's wheel, a little push here, a little push there, it's not the greatest thing.
It makes you feel good.
Hold on, my phone's ringing.
I got to put on something.
So, that's what I tell y'all.
It's time to come up higher.
And the Lord said, "Come up higher.
Don't stay down with the chickens.
You got to soar like an eagle.
" You are made to be more than a conqueror.
You are more than a conqueror.
Do you understand that?
And that is a great thing.
Not a weak, wimp Christian.
So many people are victims.
And I'm telling you, it's time to come out of the victim mentality, become a victor in who we are.
We can either be victors or victims, and it's a mindset.
I choose.
I told D, I said, "I choose to think victorious in my life today concerning my finances, concerning my life.
" And always going, "Well, you know, we still got a daughter that's overcoming," and, "Well, she's still not talking all the way yet.
" And you can mealy-mouth around and say things out of your mouth, or you say, "No, I believe.
I receive.
We believe that Megan's healed.
We believe that Megan's delivered from autism, that she'll talk, and she's going to be fully healed in Jesus' name.
" You can either talk the problem or you can talk faith.
I'm not moved by what I see.
I'm not moved by what I feel.
I'm moved by what the Word says.
Either you get that boldness inside of you and say you're either a believing believer or you're a doubter—there's no middle ground.
You're either in faith or you're not.
And that's why I tell them all the time, I refuse to think about and keep meditating on the problem.
I'm not going to allow my mouth to keep speaking that because out of the abundance of the heart, the mouth speaks.
And the more you think on it, the more it gets in your heart, and the more you speak it.
And that's why the Bible says renew your mind every day.
You got to get that Word down inside of your heart.
That's why the Lord told me, He said, "Brandon, if you don't get Psalms 91 and Psalms 23 down inside of your heart and make it rooted and grounded inside of you, you're in trouble in the days ahead.
You must know who you are in Christ.
You must have a foundation of the Word.
The foundation cannot be sand, like the Bible says.
The house is going to be swept away.
But we have a foundation of the Word of God, and it's changing you from glory to glory.
It will change you from the inside out.
The Word will change you from the inside out.
" Nothing else really...
nothing else matters.
I'm telling you, we've seen some great miracles.
We've seen some amazing things.
I've seen some really cool stuff, but none of it has increased my faith.
None of it.
I'm telling you, the only thing—I want you to hear me—the only thing that's going to change you is the Word.
Faith comes by hearing, and hearing by the Word of God.
Nothing else will.
You say, "Well, I see a bunch of miracles.
" Boy, I tell you what, I'm going to have great faith when I see the first dead person raised.
That's going to make me supernatural.
I'm going to be like Superman with my faith.
I'm telling you, it won't.
You see people get out of wheelchairs, you see blinded eyes opened, you see things.
But the moment trial comes against you, you'll doubt it.
It's only when you get a foundation of the word of God that's going to change you from the inside out.
I don't care how many miracles you see.
Faith comes by hearing, and hearing by the word of God.
That's the only way faith comes, not by seeing.
Faith is the evidence of things hoped for and evidence of things not seen.
I'm not moved by what I see.
I'm not moved by what I feel.
It's time to come up higher.
And that's what I try to tell you all, to get in the word.
It's so important that you make that word the foundation of your life, and pray and intercede.
I go around the house just praying in the spirit in my heart, and that's what I do.
A lot of times, my little girl says, 'Daddy, you're real quiet all the time,' because I'm listening.
I'm always expecting him to talk.
I'm always expecting him to impart some nugget in my life that's going to change me.
I mean, I'm a really intense person.
I really am, y'all.
I come across sometimes probably really cranky, and I probably am cranky, but I...
'You're passionate.
' I'm passionate because I know where we are.
Yes, I know where we are right now.
And I'm always listening.
I say, 'Lord, speak to me.
' And I know you said you would speak to your children, and a stranger's voice they would not follow.
I expect to hear you on everything in my life.
I am inquiring of you concerning everything.
I don't make any decision without inquiring of him, I'm telling you.
And if they say, 'Well, you've got to give me a decision right now,' well, I'm sorry.
You've got it then; I'm not giving you one.
If I can't ask him and get something from him, then you don't need an answer from me.
'Well, are you going to do this?
' No, I have to listen.
If I don't have peace, I have to follow that peace.
Follow the peace.
If it costs you your peace in life, it's too expensive.
Follow the inward peace.
Let peace be your umpire.
Let that be what makes your decision.
Peace.
I have peace about this because he is the Prince of Peace.
I always follow that peace.
If I don't feel peace, I don't make a decision.
'What do you think about buying this?
' Nope, until I inquire of the Lord.
I don't care what it is.
I follow the peace of God.
Is that helping them today?
I'm trying to give them what I feel in my heart to tell them.
It's important you get this, passionate for the things of God.
Well, there's 3,700 of you all right now.
That's awesome.
I'm glad you're here.
Thank you for praying with me.
I always try to tell you something of encouragement before we pray.
You know, there's not a lot of you that know this.
Now, I have a lot of veterans on here that could preach it and say it better than me, and I'm so thankful that you're here, too.
I love the ones the Lord told me.
He said, 'I brought an elite group of people to pray with you, Brandon.
These are the best of the best.
' He told me, 'I brought the best of the best on this channel to pray with you.
' I said, 'Wow, Lord.
Wow.
What an honor that they would want to come and pray, that you would assemble those people together with us to want to pray in these last days.
' We're the great finale.
Yes, we're the generation that will not taste death.
Now, there are some folks that will go home, but there's a generation that will not taste death, and I believe we're that generation.
It's about the generation, not the individual.
That's what the Lord just said.
Yes, glory to God.
I love it when he talks like that when I'm talking and I hear, 'Oh, yeah.
Yeah, that's right.
' When you practice his presence, he talks to you all the time.
He has an opinion.
I told somebody on the phone, 'He has an opinion about everything.
' And he's always...
'Well, Brandon, does he talk to you all the time?
' Yeah, because I expect it and I practice his presence.
'Hello, Jesus.
You're my friend.
' I expect it.
Please tell me, you know, 'Lord, I'm overcoming this circumstance, whatever.
' And he said, 'Well, I'm overcoming,' and now it's getting...
I can go like this, five seconds praying, and he almost says, 'This is what it is.
' We've got to become more used to having a relationship with an invisible God.
It's the norm.
You practice that fellowship.
No matter if you can see him or not, he's there all the time, always.
So listening, listening, praying without ceasing.
He's an ever-present help in a time of need.
Yes, he's always there.
It's like, 'Well, my car needs this.
What do I do?
' Just pray in the spirit for a little bit.
Get quiet.
It's like my friend Billy; he said he prays in the spirit, but he's quiet most of the time when he's praying.
It's not always about being a ratchet jaw, always flapping your mouth, 'pray, pray, pray, pray,' and then you go, 'Well, see you, Lord.
' Shh.
A lot of prayer is just being still.
It's not always just talking all the time.
It's practicing his presence and singing songs.
I sing songs to him all the time.
Like I say, 'From glory to glory, he's changing us.
' I go around singing, 'A merry heart doeth good like a medicine.
' I worship a lot, singing songs.
And my little girl says, 'You're not singing today.
Why are you not singing today?
' She goes, 'Daddy, I like it when you sing.
You've got to sing more in the house.
I like it.
' She goes, 'Tell me...
' I said, 'Okay.
' 'You've got to be singing, Dad.
' She goes, 'You stop that song; I want you to sing it again.
' She is...
Is Revival in my glass right now?
Yes, I've got Revival even in my glass because it's a green screen, the green bottle.
It's pretty neat, isn't it?
Yeah.
All right, well, let's pray.
I don't want to bore you all.
You'd be like, 'I don't want to go on his live streams anymore,' when it's important what we're supposed to do in the first place, not me sitting here being a chatterbox.
Are they ready to pray?
Father, we just thank you, Lord, for the body.
I always go before the Father with communion, especially corporately like this, and I come before him with communion.
And so, Father, we lift up the body before you.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
I lift up the body before you, and I thank you, Father, that you were wounded for my transgressions, you were bruised for my iniquities, the chastisement of our peace was upon you, and with your stripes we are healed.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that this is the meal that heals.
We take this body in the name of Jesus, and we thank you, Lord, that by your stripes we are healed.
We say, 'Satan, you're under our feet.
' We call healing and wholeness and wellness over our bodies from the top of our head to the soles of our feet.
We thank you, Lord, that you took it all.
According to Galatians 3, Christ has redeemed us from the curse of the law and all the curses according to Deuteronomy 28.
We're not underneath those curses.
I'm not under the curse.
Jesus has set me free according to Galatians 3.
Christ redeemed me from it, and I thank you, Lord, that I'm healed and whole and well in the mighty name of Jesus.
And that goes for every one of my family members.
We take this in the name of Jesus, Lord.
See, I've got a big old box, I'll show y'all.
I've got communion upon communion right around me at all times.
This is my storehouse.
We keep communion around here.
We take communion seriously up in this house.
That's just in this room.
We got communion in our living room like that, and in our kitchen.
Yeah, I have communion everywhere.
Keep it convenient.
Yes.
Well, because you just never know when you're going to need some.
Yeah, you'll be in prayer anywhere in the house.
I got it in the car.
I do.
I got communion in the car.
This is important to me.
You know what's important to you whenever you see what's around your house.
Some people have some things.
We have communion, or you can take it with a cracker or just whatever.
Yeah, whatever you...
and you don't have to do it with that.
If you don't have anything, sometimes I'll take it with a Dorito.
I mean, seriously, I'm not religious about it.
You know why, folks?
It's because it's personal to me.
I don't try to be...
'I have to have a wafer, I have to have this.
' No.
I say, 'God, I need You.
' If it's Sprite, if it's Kool-Aid, I don't care what it is.
I'm just like, I've got to take communion right now because I'm going to start praying.
I'm coming into His throne.
That's how important it is.
Where did you learn that, Brandon?
I learned that by myself.
I don't hear anybody else teaching it.
I don't.
But this is what I do.
And it's important to me.
Like I said, I have it all around me at all times.
I mean, this is so valuable.
This is worth more than money to me, you know.
Yeah, this is all that matters.
This is holy.
It's beautiful to me.
So, Father, we lift the blood up to You, and we make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of us.
I thank You, Father.
It washes us and cleanses us from our head to our toe.
Thank You, Lord.
We confess our sins, and You said You are faithful and just to forgive us of our sins and cleanse us from all unrighteousness.
And we take this blood right now in the name of Jesus.
And we thank You, Lord, that You've redeemed us.
You've set us free.
You've washed all the sin away.
And it's as far as the east is from the west.
Father, You don't remember it anymore the moment we confess it.
I thank You, Father, that we're believing believers.
And we love You, Lord.
We come before You boldly, Father, and take the communion right now in Jesus' name.
Amen.
See, that's what we do.
You say, 'Well, that's wrong.
' I don't care what you think.
Thank You, Father.
Thank You for what You did.
Hallelujah.
He's redeemed us from the curse of the law.
So, all right.
Now, we're going to pray about this judge.
Okay?
We're going to pray for her.
We're going to pray for her to soften her heart and that the eyes would be opened over her in the name of Jesus.
Judge Torres, Father, we lift up Judge Torres.
You said there was a kink there and the devil was using it.
So, Father, I lift up Judge Torres to You right now in the name of Jesus.
I plead the blood of Jesus over this circumstance, and I say, Satan, let it go now in Jesus' name.
Let go of the finances.
We call for finances to come and flow over the body of Christ that we can get the job done.
Father, we thank You, Lord, for a supernatural turn of events concerning certain cryptos.
Father, we plead the blood.
We thank You, Lord, that we make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of us.
We thank You, Lord, right now for Judge Torres.
We plead the blood over her.
We cause a softness over her heart.
We call softness over her mind.
We call it, Father.
You said You soften Pharaoh's heart and then You harden his heart.
So we cause softness over her heart right now, Father, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
We thank You, Lord, that this turns around.
And we call releasing of this in the name of Jesus.
Let the flow flow.
Let that kink flow.
Let it go.
And let the river flow.
And we call it to double in the name of Jesus.
We call cryptos to double, triple, quadruple, whatever.
We call them to go, go, go in Jesus' name.
We thank You, Lord.
Now, Father, concerning the CBI and the three men that I saw, I say in the name of Jesus, the hindrances will be removed.
I call the hindrances to be removed in Jesus' name.
A lot of times when it comes to this, I don't know what to pray in English.
So, I just pray in the spirit.
Okay?
So, I'm going to pray in the spirit concerning both of these things because I don't feel that was adequate enough.
You can pray in English.
And I do that for people because I'm on livestream, and a lot of people don't understand the baptism of the Holy Ghost, but I'm going to do it because this is what I'm instructed to do right now.
So, Father, we thank You, Lord.
We thank You, Father.
We lift up these judges right now before You.
And I pray in the spirit concerning this.
And we thank You, Father.
Almost like he just told me, he said, he goes, 'It's a dance, Brandon.
It's a dance.
It's not forced.
' 'Dance' is what he just said.
He said, 'Dance.
It's not frantic.
It's comedy.
' So, I'm picking up on that river now.
I can feel it.
See, it's not forced.
It's a dance, a slow dance.
So just flow.
Stop trying to push.
It's like you try to be like a bull in a china shop, you know?
I was like, 'Oh, we got to go in there and do...
' No, no, no.
Flow, flow.
He leads, we follow.
Yes, He leads, we follow.
We call a flow.
We call a flow with the finances.
We call a flow that You said, 'Seek ye first the kingdom and all these things will be added unto you.
' We seek You first.
We seek You first.
But Father, You showed me the kink, and we call the kink to flow.
We call the river to flow.
We call the river to flow for the finances to fund the rocket ship.
We thank You, Father.
We're expecting results, Lord.
When we pray, we believe, we receive.
We receive in the name of Jesus.
We're at the spout where the glory comes out.
We're in that overflow.
We're in it.
We're standing underneath that faucet, the Holy Ghost faucet.
Oh, we call breakthrough.
We call it done right now.
We give You praise for it, Father.
The breakthrough of this, this kink in the hose.
The kink in the hose.
Satan, let it go right now.
We call you bound.
Let it go right now concerning this.
We call breakthrough concerning this to the legal process.
We call it finished.
Every hindrance, every wall, we call the wall to fall.
We call the dam to break.
We speak to the dam.
We speak to go in Jesus' name.
We speak to that mountain.
We say go in the name of Jesus.
Oh, let the flow for the finances for the churches, the finances for the ministry.
Oh, we take hold of what You said.
Some thirty, some sixty, and a hundredfold.
We call it in the name of Jesus.
Oh, we will lack no good thing, Father, in the name of Jesus.
We thank You, Lord, that we get the job done.
Over Iraq now, we pray, Father.
We thank You, Lord.
Now the Lord said, 'Okay, that's enough of that.
You pray over the troops.
I just saw it.
We pray in the spirit.
' We are praying over the troops right now.
He said, "You're praying over the troops right now.
" We are praying over the troops in Iraq right now, around Baghdad.
We pray over our troops right now in the name of Jesus.
We pray for protection over our troops right now, over everyone stationed in Iraq.
I see drones; we have to pray over the drones.
Oh, Father, we thank You, Lord, that there is divine protection.
We send Your angels out around them right now.
We send the angels of the Lord.
We pray a hedge around and about our troops right now, all stationed around them, that a thousand should fall at their side and ten thousand at their right hand, but nothing shall come nigh them.
Son, would you get me another water over there that's not sparkling?
Thank you, son.
And I pray over every single air force base, over the military bases all over the Middle East.
I've seen it; it's all over the Middle East.
I pray a hedge of protection, not just around Iraq, but over every military installation.
We call these bases protected from biological attacks.
We pray a hedge around our military men and women.
We call them protected in the name of Jesus.
We pray a hedge of protection over our servicemen and women.
We are bold about what God has called us to do.
We stand with a backbone like a crowbar.
Oh, we thank You, Father, from coast to coast.
Now the Lord has shifted, and I see Trump.
I see Trump.
It went from Iraq to Trump.
Now I see Trump, and he's sitting in a boardroom.
He's sitting at a decision-making table.
He's sitting there, and I see people around him.
I see a screen behind him.
He's in a room, and he's going to make a decision.
We will stand with Israel.
I hear this: "We will stand with Israel.
" He says we will stand with Israel.
Oh, we must pray.
We must pray, for there's a blessing behind it.
We must stand with Israel today.
That's what He said.
All moles be revealed, and all rats be exposed.
We call the rats to be exposed.
Those who are not for him are against him.
We call the rats to be exposed in Jesus' name, raising up godly men and women around him who have godly principles.
I call for a changing, a strategic changing.
Traps are being set on how to catch a rat.
Secret things, I see.
He said, "How do you catch a rat?
You set a trap.
How do you get a mole?
" There is a mole, and I hear the Spirit say, "An exposing of the mole.
" The British, the British, the British.
I don't know if I should say that.
Oh, well.
Okay.
So, right now, I went into Europe, and I'm looking at Ukraine and what's going on.
The Lord is highlighting Ukraine and Russia right now as this is going on.
Something is going on over there.
At the same time, the Lord just took me, and I'm looking at Taiwan.
I see Taiwan, and Taiwan is highlighted.
There is a gold ring around Taiwan right now as we speak.
Hallelujah.
Open.
Now I'm seeing France.
I see Macron, the weasel.
Just stay.
Things are happening right now with Ukraine, things in the future.
You'll see this.
Remember, I saw Apollyon come out of that pit spinning like a top for war.
The Lord said 2025 will be war.
I heard it in my prayer time privately.
He said, "War, war.
" I hear it again: "War, war.
" We pray a hedge of protection over our president right now.
We pray a hedge of protection all around him, around his wife, around his children, around his grandchildren.
We pray a hedge around Trump, over his mind, over Melania and his children.
Father, we thank You, Lord, over his sons, Donnie and Eric, and over his daughters, Ivanka and—I don't remember the other girl's name—but I believe there's a covering around what he loves the most.
There's a covering around his grandchildren.
We pray a hedge of blood around and about them, Father, that no weapon formed against them will prosper.
Every tongue that rises against them, we condemn it.
Father, I thank You.
Now I see JD Vance.
We pray over JD Vance, over his wife, and over their children.
We call them protected in the name of Jesus.
This is interesting.
I see Ted Cruz; I've just seen Ted Cruz's face.
We pray a hedge around Ted Cruz, that no weapon formed against this man will prosper.
Whatever this is, it's with his health.
I see health things.
We pray over his health today.
We pray over Ted Cruz's health today, over his body.
We thank You, Lord, his body is healed.
This assignment that I see, we pray over him; he's covered.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that he lives long and finishes strong, that he'll live and finish his race.
A cleansing of things.
I hear the Spirit of the Lord say, "A cleansing of the church.
" For judgment begins in the house of the Lord first.
A cleansing in the church is yet still to come on a greater scale.
There has been patience behind things, and He is waiting for people to get it right.
There's been patience there for a while now, but seedtime and harvest are accelerating.
Things that were behind closed doors will be opened.
You're going to see it open.
I see an open door.
It's going to be like when you purge it; He is cleaning things.
Big ministries—cleaning things.
For this is part of what comes before the great revival.
A great revival is coming, but He's cleaning up His bride, cleaning up the church.
You're going to see more of this.
He has given time for repentance; He's merciful.
I hear Him say, "I have been merciful, but time is up concerning this.
" That's what He just said.
He said you'll see exposing now—not to embarrass, but for healing.
There must be healing.
It's like a wound; He's cleaning out the wound.
There are big wounds, and yes, they'll be set on the bench, but He's raising up new voices with a backbone who will say what He tells them to say.
New voices, people who have been nobodies, are going to be raising up soon.
You're going to see new people raising up, new voices.
Woe to you who have hidden sin.
He said, "You repent now.
" Woe to you who have hidden sin.
He said, "Time is running out.
Time is out.
" He said, "Time is not running out; time is out.
There is a line.
" He said, "For judgment begins in the house of the Lord first.
" I say let's camp here for a minute.
There's corruption in finances.
There will be exposés.
There's corruption with money.
There's corruption.
It's around the globe.
He said it's around the globe, it's all around.
You hear?
This isn't just about America; it's about the church.
And the church doesn't represent America; the church is the church.
But most people think whenever you're talking about this stuff, it's about America.
But he said it's deep within the heart of the body.
It's going to happen in Australia.
I see a cleansing in Australia.
I see Australia highlighted.
There's corruption in Australia, there's corruption in these places.
He's not counting out everybody, you know what I'm saying?
But this is what is hidden.
I see hidden things being revealed.
It's not to embarrass.
That's what he just told me.
He said, "I'm not embarrassing people.
" He's cleansing it.
He doesn't want you to go to hell; he doesn't want people to go to hell.
And this doesn't just have to do with leaders in the church.
This is about his bride.
You hear me?
The Lord just said, "This isn't just about leaders in the church.
You're missing it.
This is about the church—every one of you.
All, every tribe, every tongue, red and yellow, black and white, they are precious in his sight.
" And there's an exposing of things today.
No more riding the fence.
Either you're in or you're out.
No more lukewarm.
All in.
He says, "All in.
I'm looking for the people who are all in.
" We thank you, Lord.
Now he said pray over the Fourth of July for America.
Pray at this time frame.
He said from the 14th, which we passed, to after the 6th.
Pray over your nation.
Pray a hedge for secret cells.
Secret cells.
We call the cells of these people, these hidden cells to be exposed by Homeland Security, by the FBI, Father, by our military, by our law enforcement, sheriff's departments, having their eyes open, looking for the cells that have crossed the border.
Every plant, every plot that is trying to come against this great nation, we call exposing.
We call an exposing from sea to shining sea, from border to border.
We call an exposing in every city.
We call an exposing from every city.
From all over.
I see Florida around Disney, around Orlando area.
Remember this, around Orlando.
I'm in Orlando, Florida.
coast to coast about the Disney parks in Orlando.
Hollywood, Universal.
But I'm hearing inside job.
I hear inside job.
We call all things exposed whether we see it or we don't.
We call it exposed.
They try to hush it down—you don't want to scare the people.
Hush it down, try to cover it up.
You hear?
We don't want to scare the people.
Finances are in trouble.
Lord, I see it.
But they try to cover it up, hush, hush, hush.
You hear?
They say it will ruin a season, we need this money.
He says, "Heightened, heightened.
" This is California, too.
Anaheim.
It's what it represents, Lord.
It's what it represents to people.
This is now, I'm in New York.
How about Times Square again?
I see the Statue of Liberty.
There's so much here.
We pray over our pastors and the pulpits around America.
They would preach repentance, and they would get a backbone like a crowbar and don't go this way anymore.
They're in danger.
There's so much danger.
I see them, and people don't know what's coming.
I'm just going to say it.
I pray over Joel Osteen.
You need to pray over Joel Osteen.
I pray a hedge around about this man.
I pray protection over him.
I pray for his wife.
I pray that they're always in the right place at the right time.
I pray over Joel, Father, that he is covered by the blood of Jesus, that no weapon formed against him would prosper.
I pray over him, Father, that no weapon formed against him would prosper, that there's a covering over him, that people are attentive around him.
Father, his security, his ushers, they're watching at all times when he's preaching.
Father, people are around watching over this man.
No weapon formed against them would prosper.
I pray over him, Father.
I thank you, Father.
The blood covers him, Father, over his children's ministry, over the youth.
I pray a hedge around and about them.
I thank you, Father, that they are bold about what they believe.
And Father, I thank you that there is a revival breaking out in their church.
A major revival is breaking out in the church of Lakewood.
A major revival is breaking out in there.
Oh, we call revival.
Father, what the enemy is trying to do for bad, you're going to turn it around for good.
And I thank you, Father.
There's a covering over this man.
There's a covering over his wife.
There's a covering over them in the name of Jesus.
And we say revival in Houston.
Revival in Dallas, we call revival.
We call revival in Jesus' name.
We call revival over it.
We thank you, Lord, over Tampa.
We pray over Rodney Howard-Browne.
We cover him in the blood.
We thank you, Lord.
No weapon formed against him will prosper.
We plead the blood over Rodney Howard-Browne right now in the name of Jesus and over Veronica.
We cover them in the blood.
We thank you, Lord, that your angels are stationed around and about the River Church, and there is no calamity that will ever come near.
You've got big angels, Lord.
I thank you, for all your archangels are protecting them in the name of Jesus.
There's angels protecting them in Jesus' name.
I pray over Steven Furtick.
I pray a hedge of protection around Steven Furtick and over his wife and over his children.
And we pray over them right now that no weapon formed against them will prosper.
Father, I call revival in every one of these churches in Jesus' name.
A major revival in the name of Jesus.
That what the devil has planned for bad, we call it turned around for good in the name of Jesus.
The revival's coming in the name of Jesus.
From sea to shining sea, we call revival in Jesus' name.
Thank you, Lord.
We consider it done.
We have a lot of us praying right now.
All our pastors are protected.
Men and women of God are protected, and they'll not be in harm's way of anything.
Hallelujah.
The Lord showed me a major revival breaking forth in Iran.
A major outpouring of the spirit of the Lord is going to happen in Iran.
As all this stuff is going on, he's bringing freedom and liberation to Iran, for there has been like an iron curtain there.
And I see women with those long gowns on, with those things, those tarp things.
They're getting born again.
There's revival in Iran.
The Lord is going to visit Iran in all of this.
There's an opening, a window that is opening in Iran.
He doesn't want that any should perish, but that all come to repentance.
And it's the same thing that's going to happen in North Korea.
The Lord said, "I'm bringing revival to these areas.
" They're having a chance, an opportunity to accept the Lord Jesus Christ.
It's coming all throughout the Middle East; it's going to spread throughout the Middle East.
There is revival coming to the Middle East—an opportunity to accept the Lord Jesus Christ on a greater scale.
Thank you, Lord.
All throughout South Korea, Taiwan, Japan, Africa, China—we call all of them.
Father, we thank you, Lord.
Revival, we call forth revival, an awakening unto God, an awakening unto God in all of Canada and all throughout Australia.
We call an awakening unto God.
Thank you, Father.
We thank you, Lord, that the harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few.
But Father, I thank you, Lord, we are assembling the harvesters right now.
The harvesters are coming forth right now.
We thank you, Lord, for the great harvest.
We thank you, Lord, for the equipment to get the job done, which is the anointing of the Holy Ghost.
We have it; He's dwelling on the inside of us.
We have the Holy Spirit, He's dwelling on the inside of us, and we have boldness.
We have boldness to get the job done.
We don't shrink back; we're not cowards.
We have boldness.
Thank you, Father.
Hallelujah!
We call boldness over the church.
We call a stirring in the church.
It's like when the Lord spoke to me a couple of videos ago and I saw the valley of the dead bones.
That was spiritually dry people; it wasn't physical.
He wasn't speaking to me about physical dead people.
He said, "Can these bones live?
" and He kept saying it.
He said, "Can these bones live, Brandon?
" I said, "Yes.
" He said, "Speak to them.
Call revival.
" And I saw the former and the latter rain together coming like a mighty rushing wind and water, and all this hit the dry bones, and they all started to get ligaments and all this stuff.
But it wasn't skin; it looked like a transparent Holy Ghost glow, like sparkles.
And all of them started getting back together in their bones, and their thighs, and their legs, and their heads, and Holy Ghost fire came on them.
Can the bones live?
Spiritually dead people from around the world.
The Lord said, "I'm bringing revival, for the ones that are the driest are going to burn the hottest.
" Watch what happens.
A great fire is coming on the people.
A Holy Ghost and fire is coming on the people, stirring them from the top of their heads to the soles of their feet.
One last call, one last major revival, one last push for a harvest of souls like this world has never seen before.
Healings and demonstrations and manifestations of the glory of God are coming like we've never seen before.
Behold, He said, "I'm going to do something new upon the churches, upon the college campuses, upon the children.
Watch what He does with the children, upon ORU and the campus, and across the street with Billy Joe Daugherty's—or rather Paul.
Watch what God does with Victory Church across the street.
" I'm telling you, a major move of the Spirit of God is about to happen like we've never seen before.
And He said, "Brandon, you're at the door.
Great things and great days of fun are in store.
" Are you excited about it?
It's time to believe God for big.
It's time to anticipate God to do something major in your life today.
Nothing is too big and nothing is too small.
Jesus paid the price for it all.
Remember, it's time to believe Him for bigger.
It's time to lay hold of that garment and say, "Father, I believe You're the healer.
I believe You're the deliverer.
Whatever you need, Jesus paid the price for you to walk in victory.
I believe it.
Greater days, greater works will we do.
" It's time to believe Him for it.
That's why He said raising the dead should not be something that's abnormal, where we never see it, we never hear about it.
Well, maybe we do in other foreign countries, but it should be normal in America.
It should go viral.
But then you've got AI saying, "Well, that looks fake.
" No, we're believing believers, and we're going to see major things.
There is no devil going to distract people into thinking, "Well, that's AI.
" No, it's real.
Jesus Christ is a healer; He's a deliverer.
It's time for us to rise and shine, for the light has come and the glory of the Lord is risen upon you and I, bringing in the lost.
I saw a major revival that's going to break out in St.
Louis.
I saw a major revival in St.
Louis, Missouri.
I saw people, and it was not in a church; it was on the streets of downtown St.
Louis.
And the glory of the Lord—by people who were just obedient—went up to this wheelchair, and they started praying for this man in a wheelchair, and the power of God hit the man in the wheelchair, and it was like a glory explosion went all throughout the streets.
He's going into all the areas that you would not expect.
You think, "Well, it's going to be in a church.
" I'm telling you, it's going to be downtown.
I saw major moves of God in Branson, Missouri.
Major moves of God in Branson, Missouri.
All the hotels will be full of people coming to a revival in Branson, Missouri, with Keith Moore's Church and Sister Billie.
I'm telling you, there's a major move and an outpouring of the Spirit of God like we've never seen, and in Oklahoma, in Tulsa, and Collinsville.
Watch.
But you have to get your heart ready for it.
You have to be praying.
And the Lord always told me, He said, "Brandon, how did revival start in the past?
" They came through prayer.
Azusa Street came through prayer.
Brownsville came through prayer.
The Welsh Revival came through prayer.
They all come through prayer.
A major move of God comes through prayer.
That's why this channel exists.
Anything else doesn't matter to me.
It's to get the job done so we can have great victory and we get out of here.
But He's not coming back for a broke church that looks like we're in retreat mode.
Most people go, "Well, He's coming back.
Oh yeah, He's coming back.
" Yeah, He's coming back, but He's coming back for a victorious church—people who have a backbone, instead of going, "Well, we're hiding and trying to retreat in the Rapture because we're scared and we've got to get out of here.
" No, He's coming back for a people for a great harvest.
It's time to get excited about what God is going to do in these last days and say, "God, use me.
" It's all hands on deck.
Nobody is better.
It's not these Hollywood celebrity preachers.
It's you, the person who's the nursery worker at the church who doesn't feel you're important.
You're important.
"Well, I'm just a janitor.
" Trust me, I was a janitor for 14 years of my life.
I thought I'm never going to do what I'm doing right now, but He said, "Do it.
" I was scared about it.
I said, "Man, Lord, what do you want me to do?
" He said, "Do it.
Nobody's going to come and listen to me.
Do it.
" And now you come and watch, but it is not me.
It's all glory to Jesus.
But I'm telling you all, Jesus is coming, and it's time to be busy about His business, bringing in the lost as much as we can, as fast as we can.
He wants everybody.
When I was talking, when He showed me about Iran, He said, "Brandon, I want even...
I want all the people in Iran.
I want people in Pakistan.
I want a revival, a major move of God one last time.
" And you're going to see both.
People say, "Well, you see all this stuff, Brandon.
It's dark, dark, dark.
" No, it'll be like a quarter.
You'll see both sides: great darkness on one side and great light on the other side.
You have to choose what you want to focus on.
Do you want to focus on the revival and stay vertical, or are you going to go horizontal and look at what's going on in the world?
Because great birthing pains are happening all around us, just like the Word said they would.
And they're not going to stop.
The glorious church is coming with great fire, but it's coming with people who have a desire for it and are hungry.
Are you hungry for a move of God?
Are you thirsty for His outpouring?
I am.
I know Diana and I, our son, and our daughter are hungry.
So, it's time to get excited.
Yeah, we see all this stuff going on in Iran.
You see all this stuff going on, but it's part of the fig tree.
Watch.
It's part of the end times.
Ezekiel 38 and 39 are about to happen very soon.
Well, when is that going to happen?
I don't know.
I just see it in the spirit realm.
Russia—watch Russia.
Watch Putin.
Things are happening.
But it's time to...
we're not broke, busted, and disgusted cowards going, "Oh God, we're in retreat mode.
" I'm so tired of that.
No.
We've got to preach repentance.
We've got to tell the people Jesus is coming.
We're running out of time.
So, I pray this video blessed you today.
There's a lot of people here today who want to pray more.
I don't know what's on their heart.
I feel like I prayed what we're supposed to pray.
I prayed for the pastors.
I prayed that we pray for wisdom over Trump and his family.
We pray for that.
Holy Spirit, what else do you have for today?
I don't know how long we've been doing this.
I lost track of time.
An hour and six minutes?
Let me see.
Wait, I think it's been more than that.
If it's not an hour and 45, going on two hours.
I figured it's always about like that, ain't it?
You can feel it.
I jump in the river and I flow until I start to feel it stop.
And He says, "Wait, wait, wait, pause, pause, pause.
" He gives me a break.
I pray with everything I've got, and He says, "Take a break, you've got to take a break.
Get a drink.
Refreshment time.
" And then I'll get back in it, and I'll wait a little bit, and He goes, "Jump in the river again.
" That's what I do with most of my day.
Somebody said two hours since we started.
I have the counter.
Oh, it's all right, it doesn't matter.
Yeah, it very much does, actually.
Somebody said it felt like 20 minutes.
Yeah, it does.
That's why we say you all go, "Your videos are too long.
" When you get in the river, you lose track.
That's what I'm saying.
When you get with the Holy Spirit, you lose track of time.
That's how it will be when we get to heaven, folks.
There's no time; time's only here.
And everyone will be like, "We've been there 10,000 years, bright shining as the sun.
" They're saying, "Pray for Mel Gibson.
" Yes, let's pray for Mel Gibson again.
You want to?
We'll pray for Mel Gibson.
Father, because the Lord said to me, He said, "I'm going to use Mel Gibson.
I'm going to use Mel Gibson and there will be major revivals breaking out in movie theaters with what is about to happen.
" But He said, "I saw a lot of occultic activity coming against him," and He said, "You must pray for him.
He has a great assignment.
" And we don't want him adding to anything that is flaky in the movie that distorts the Word.
It needs to be accurate, but accurate enough that it gets your attention, to get the unsaved, to hook them in.
And there's a presence, like in The Passion of the Christ.
When you watch that—I wept.
The first time I watched The Passion of the Christ, I bawled through the whole thing.
I heard there was a bunch of people who got saved just in the movie theater.
People around us were crying.
Yes, the presence of the Lord was in the theater for The Passion of the Christ.
That was the most gruesome because it was so realistic, and it was identical to when the Lord took me to the cross and I saw His crucifixion.
The bones on His back—all of it—the way the Lord Jesus took all that for us.
And that's what the Lord showed me.
He said, "I paid the price for you.
" The same thing He did for salvation is what He did for healing and for poverty.
"I took it all for you, Brandon, so that you could walk in victory.
" You've got to believe the same way.
You're not going to talk me out of my salvation.
I believe it like a bulldog on a bone.
I believe I'm born again.
You're not going to say, "Brandon, I don't believe you're born again.
" I know I'm born again.
I know I have a relationship with the Lord Jesus.
And that's what He said: "Believe the same way for your healing.
" I'm not going to hell.
I'm born again.
Well, I know I'm healed, I know I'm delivered, I know I'm blessed.
I'm not going to walk in poverty or in lack.
I'm going to be blessed in the city and in the field, coming and going.
Whatever I put my hands to will prosper.
And people get really ticked off when you talk about finances.
They do; I've noticed.
But that's just the devil trying to rob you of your blessing.
I really believe God wants you to walk in victory over poverty.
He does not want us to be barely getting by while the world is driving nice cars and having nice houses and you're barely able to pay your rent.
That's terrible; that's bondage.
"Beloved, I wish above all things that you prosper and be in health, even as your soul prospers," in overflow.
Who can help anybody if you don't have anything?
People say, "Well, I need help with my stuff," and you go, "Well, I'm sorry, I've only got five dollars and I can't help.
" How can you be a blessing to somebody if you don't have enough to help them?
I just don't understand a lot of people's thinking.
I understand it gets out of control and people get way out there with stuff, and they start lusting after things, but prosperity is a blessing.
It's a tool.
And people just—I don't understand it.
Some thirty, some sixty, and a hundredfold—it's in the Word.
Believe Him for exceedingly abundantly above all that you dare ask or think.
Believe Him for it.
I just don't get it.
But every time I pray about things and I get in the spirit, you see He wants blessing on you.
He wants you to live a good, healthy life.
He's a good God, and the devil's a bad devil.
And people go, "Well, I don't know about all that.
" I do.
Trust me, Diana and Braden know.
I've had so many visitations from the Lord, and He comes and visits because I make a place for Him to visit.
I make my house a place that He would want to come.
Is your house full of stuff that He wouldn't want to be around?
"Well, He went to the bars and He went to these places and He helped.
" I know, but I want to make a place that's comfortable for Him.
He goes in to save the people who are bad, yes, but I want a house where He goes, "Man, Brandon, this house is comfortable.
I want to kick back and relax.
" If He was here today walking around the earth, would He want to come and visit your house and hang out with you?
I want Him to say, "Come on over, I've got a room for you.
" If you wouldn't be doing it with Him there—watching certain shows or whatever...
If He can't watch it with you, would you watch it?
Would you say, "I'm going to open up this six-pack and drink a couple.
Do you want one, Jesus?
How about a shot of whiskey, Jesus?
" Here, could you give Jesus a shot of whiskey?
Well, then you don't do it.
Well, we're going to kick back.
We're going to open up a bunch of this dope.
Let's go up and smoke some of that dope.
I know.
I don't want to dabble here and meddle a little bit, folks, but it's just real.
Here, Jesus.
You want to take a hit on my bong?
No, he's not going to take a hit on your bong.
So, you don't do it.
If you, as I said, if you can see Jesus doing it, then you do it.
If you can't, don't do it.
So, if you think you can smoke reefer and get all high and Jesus is smoking reefer with you, then do it.
But if you can't, then don't do it, people.
It's plain and simple.
If you can sit there and think that Jesus wants to look at porn, then you think that's okay?
You think Jesus is going to watch porn?
He's living on the inside of you.
We are the temple.
Yes.
He lives on the inside of you.
So everything you're doing, he's looking at it with you.
You know what I'm saying?
That's what you have to look at it like.
You're a wall-to-wall Holy Ghost when you get born again.
So you think it's okay?
You think that's okay?
No, it's not.
You think Jesus is going out hiring a prostitute?
No, he's not.
Going to strip clubs?
It's not okay.
But I hear a lot of people always say, "Well, grace covers that, brother.
I'm under grace.
" You're a fool.
I don't mean to be rude, but people need to wake up.
Mel Gibson—oh, sorry, I don't know where that came from.
I don't know where that came from.
That was a freebie, but I'm sure I probably got some people ticked off about it.
But I just need to tell you the truth, you know.
So, come on, folks.
We got to go higher.
We got to come up higher with Jesus.
Oh, my dream.
Wow.
We pulled our green screen down.
We even got a bigger green screen on a blanket, but we pulled it down.
We pray so vigorously that we pull our green screen down and then you're going to see our couch.
There's not a real revival behind me.
But most people don't know that, right?
We got to fix the people behind us.
We don't want them falling down.
Father, we lift up Mel Gibson.
Truly, Father, I thank you, Lord, for this man.
I know what you said to me.
And we lift him up before you, Father.
And I thank you, Lord, that he has godly wisdom to get the job done.
I thank you, Father, that the creativeness of this film will be like a light in the darkness and moths will be attracted to the light.
So much so, Father, that it will bring in thousands, if not millions of people, hundreds of thousands to the kingdom because of this movie.
Now, Father, I thank you for creative ideas to do.
Did you call it cinematography?
What is it called?
CGI?
Yeah, for the face.
Yeah.
Father, I thank you for creative ideas for CGI.
Father, I thank you, Lord, Father, that he has wisdom and it will be such a supernatural anointing on this movie.
Father, that there will be no interruptions by the satanic presence like it was last time trying to hurt people and the shocking of the lightning and all the demonic things that went on behind the set.
I thank you, Father, for a supernatural hedge of protection and finances to get this done for Mel Gibson.
And when this takes place and it is finished, it will be a piece of work that is beautiful before you, Father.
And Father, I thank you that you said, "If I be lifted up, I'll draw all men unto me.
" And Father, we lift this up.
We lift it up before you, Father.
And we thank you, Lord, that it brings much fruit to the kingdom of God.
We thank you, Father, that he is protected and there's a shield around and about him right now in the name of Jesus to get this done.
And we give you all the glory, honor, and praise for this in the mighty name of Jesus.
Amen and amen.
I believe it.
I'm excited about it.
I don't know what he's going to do with it, but I'm excited because we've been praying over it.
We pray over Elon Musk that Father, he would get born again.
Yes, that there's a change within.
That you don't want anybody to perish.
And Father, Elon Musk is not the Antichrist.
So, we pray for his soul right now.
Father, I know what you showed, that he's a rat in the White House.
But, Father, even a rat can get born again.
Well, not physically, but you know what I'm saying.
He's human.
He's human, but...
Oh, come on, Brandon.
Father, well, I try.
I thank you.
He's alive, too.
We call for Elon Musk to get born again.
And Father, you showed me a radical visitation for President Trump.
We thank you, Lord, for a radical move of God on Trump and that he would be baptized in the Holy Ghost and there would be a revival in the White House.
There would be revival in the Senate, that Father, it would be so much so that Father, you're going to hear about it on the news.
Fox News and CNN are going to flip out.
Donald Trump's praying in tongues.
Praise God.
Wouldn't that be amazing?
Donald Trump's baptized in the Holy Ghost and he's up there praying in tongues whenever they're doing interviews.
"Hold on, I got to take a Holy Ghost break.
Praise God.
" It could happen.
"I got to pray in tongues.
Do you need healing, reporter?
" Donald Trump starting to lay hands on people falling out in the Oval Office.
That would be so awesome.
Why not?
How cool!
Donald Trump starts laying hands on people and they start getting healed and CNN reporters and people that are meanest—they go like this and he goes, "Fire!
" and they fall out in the middle of the Oval Office.
They have a revival.
Why not believe God for big?
Yes.
We pray for Ted Cruz that same thing.
There's an attack on it—I already said that, I just saw it again.
There will be a revival on Ted Cruz.
Whatever this is, I know what it is just because of what it is.
It's personal, so I don't want to say that out loud.
But yeah, we pray for healing over his body again.
That dries up.
It dries up all inside his body.
All inside his body, it dries up.
Healing and wholeness and wellness over his body right now in the name of Jesus.
All over his body right now, any spreading, anything that's trying to hurt him and take him out.
I call his body healed and whole and well over Ted Cruz, over his liver—I see.
I pray over his liver right now in the name of Jesus.
I pray over his liver.
I call his liver healed and whole and well right now in the name of Jesus over Ted Cruz, all over his lymph nodes, all over his body, all over his stomach and his digestive system, his intestines, all inside his colon right there.
I call healing in his colon right now in the name of Jesus.
I thank you, Father, that he is healed and whole and well.
Ted Cruz is healed and whole and well in his colon.
Thank you, Father.
He is healed and whole and well.
Glory to God.
I believe it.
Yes, Ted Cruz is healed and whole and well.
He probably doesn't even know about it.
I don't know.
Maybe he does.
He doesn't want to talk about it.
I don't know.
But I call Ted Cruz healed.
So, but yeah, Holy Ghost revival in the White House and on the Senate floor.
You saw the Senate floor?
Yeah, I've seen it again.
I'm telling you all, wouldn't it be cool?
Can you imagine Holy Ghost and fire Trump up there and everybody's like, "What?
What is going on with this man praying in tongues?
Has he lost it?
" And everybody's falling out in the Holy Ghost.
It'd be so...
Why not believe God for big, folks?
Yes.
Hallelujah.
So, Father, we pray a hedge around and about the Fourth of July and the fireworks displays and all of the gatherings, the parades.
We thank you, Lord, there's a hedge around the Fourth of July.
Father, we cover the Fourth of July in the blood.
We continue to lift that up before you.
I thank you, Father.
I thank you, Lord, for your protection over the Fourth of July.
Father, we could jump back in that river again.
That's how intense that is.
Diana, I just need a break.
I need to go to the restroom, but I want to tell everybody, thank you for joining me.
We still have quite a few people here praying with us.
Thank you for joining us today.
I pray this video blessed you.
I know I usually don't do these live ones, but the Lord spoke to me on the way home, and he said, "I need you to go live and pray over the blockage concerning the financial wealth transfer.
" He said, "Satan's trying to block it, and you must stand in the gap for this as the body and bring the prayer warriors to do it.
" And I said, "I could do this.
" And then he said, "Praying over Iran and then praying over our Air Force bases.
" That was another big one and all that.
So we've covered a lot of ground tonight together.
So I pray, like I said, this video blesses you today.
I don't know, do you have anything?
You've been quiet.
I think I just don't want to ever...
I was excited about what you said about the White House.
I was like, "Let it be so, Lord.
Let it be so.
" That would be so amazing.
Yeah, expect it.
I expect things like that to happen.
Well, if you're watching this broadcast, the Lord said, "Don't end it without an altar call.
" If you're watching this broadcast and you've never accepted the Lord Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior, you need to do so right now.
You're running out of time.
I want you to repeat this prayer after me.
It's just a simple prayer.
It's not a big old religious event here, folks.
This is just a personal thing with you standing before the Father.
Just picture Jesus standing before you right now.
And this is what you say to Jesus: "I believe you're the Son of God.
I believe you died for me.
I believe you're seated at the right hand of the Father.
Forgive me of my sins.
Write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
Forgive me, Lord.
I'm a sinner, and I need a Savior.
I want to make you my Lord and personal Savior today.
" It's simple stuff like that.
All you do, it's just a heart thing.
With the heart, confession is made unto salvation.
Father, forgive me.
I thank you, Lord, that today I'm born again.
I thank you that today you're my Lord and personal Savior.
I need you.
I've messed up big.
Forgive me.
I repent, and I turn from it.
I'm not going to do that anymore.
I need you to help me with it, though.
I need you to help me.
I've been in bondage to this for a long time, and I need help.
And without you, I can't do it.
You know where I'm messing up, and you know.
But I thank you that you make me strong as I read your word.
Forgive me, Lord.
And I thank you, Lord, that you love me enough to forgive me.
I don't deserve it.
It's all about grace.
That's it.
Amen.
See, just simple, it's from my heart: "I need you.
Forgive me.
I believe you died and rose again.
" Now, if you just said that prayer, and you just said it and it's from the heart, I want you to tell us.
Email us in the description below.
Email us and tell us, say, "I just got born again.
" And tell us in the comment section right now.
Tell us, say, "Hey, I just gave my heart to Jesus Christ.
" If you gave your heart to Jesus Christ right now, we want to rejoice with you.
Now, find a Bible-believing church, somebody that's going to teach you the word.
Get plugged in there.
Tell them, "I just got born again watching a YouTube broadcast, and I want to get water baptized.
" It is really important.
You need to get water baptized.
Go out and get water baptized at the church.
Tell them, say, "Fill that tank up.
I need to get dumped.
It's important.
" And get water baptized.
And before that, you need to find a Bible.
Find a Bible.
Start reading that Bible every single day.
Read the word.
Pray.
Meditate on the word of God.
Find videos like mine.
There's other great YouTubers.
You find them.
They teach you the word of God.
Watch the word.
Read it.
Read it again.
Read it again, until it becomes real on the inside of you.
And the word of God will change you from the inside out.
That's the Christian walk.
Get plugged into the church.
Volunteer there.
Go and say, "Hey, pastor, I want to help out.
I'll be a part.
I'll help park cars, whatever I've got to do.
I just want to be a part.
" Get plugged in there and come and pray with us.
But if you can't afford a Bible, if you cannot afford one, we will buy one for you.
Diana and I, we want to bless you.
If you can't afford one and you don't have the means to get one, you're somewhere and say, "Hey, listen.
" Diana and I understand.
We've been there.
We've been where we couldn't do stuff, and we wanted to get stuff but we didn't have the money to buy it.
I'm telling you, we want to bless you with a Bible.
So email us.
We're not going to solicit you.
We're not going to ever bother you again.
But if you would like to have a Bible for free, Diana and I will send you one from Amazon, a New King James Version Bible or an Amplified or whatever we can find, and we'll send it to you from Amazon, and it'll probably be there in one or two days, as fast as we can.
Last time we did this altar call, we did a livestream, and we had several hundred people ask for Bibles.
And I told her, I said, "Well, that's going to take a while.
" She said, "Look at all the Bibles, Brandon.
" I said, "Yeah.
" So we're excited to do it for you.
We want to help you.
Just put "Bible" in the subject line of the email, and our email is in the description below in the video.
It's our ministry.
We want to help people because we know this is how much I believe in it: if you get the word of God inside you, it will change you if you really read it.
And you go, "Well, no, no, no, no, no.
" Read it, and it will change you.
It's so important.
Just be sure you put your address in the email, too.
Put your address.
Sometimes folks don't do that.
"I can't afford a Bible, and I need one.
Here's my address," and we'll send it to you because we love you.
We pray for you.
We're rejoicing with you.
It's exciting.
It's an exciting day in heaven.
If you just got born again, the angels are rejoicing.
It's exciting.
They're up there having a party right now.
They're going, "They just did it.
" We've been praying for them.
People have been praying for you.
Who knows?
Your family might have been praying for you and you don't even know.
They're praying just like we pray for the unbelievers, and we were praying for them, and they're going, "You just came here.
" And you're like, "Why did I watch this guy?
" And because you're interested, you came, and Jesus touched you today, and I believe there's more to come for you.
God has a plan for you.
So we're excited.
Well, I guess that's it.
It's good, huh?
Thank you for joining us tonight, folks.
We truly believe we did something.
I believe we stirred the pot.
We're up there, we're punching the devil in the nose.
He's up there going, "Ah, he's running now.
" There's going to be a Holy Ghost movement in the White House, a four-alarm fire.
I want it to be, if the Lord tarries and I go home, they'll rejoice—all of hell rejoicing, saying, "Thank God he's gone.
Thank God Brandon's gone.
He's gone.
He died.
" Don't you want the devil to be excited about your death because we caused so much havoc in his kingdom when we're here?
Not going, "Oh, he didn't mean nothing.
I don't care.
" I'm like, "No, excited about the rapture happening.
" Yeah.
Well, yeah.
He's like, "All those Christians are out of here.
" Make him be excited that your presence is not here on the earth anymore.
That's what I say.
He's going, "Thank God they're gone.
" His future isn't good.
No, his days are limited here, folks.
He's fixing to burn forever, and he deserves it.
We're on the victory side.
Yeah, we're on the victory side.
It's time to rejoice and look up, for our redemption draws nigh.
Hallelujah.
Well, we want to close it by saying this to you always: put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much, and we love you.
God bless you all, and we will see you again soon.
Bye.